  1 : A New York City Jewish bakery was vandalized on Friday afternoon, after someone spray-painted "Free Gaza" on the window, before smashing a window at a nearby bank.
  2 : The graffiti on the front window of Breads Bakery near Sixth Avenue and 49th Street appeared in bright-orange lettering.
  3 : Additional photos show a man sweeping up broken glass in front of the Simon & Schuster building, where another window, this time 
  4 : belonging to the First Republic Bank, appeared to have been smashed.The protest slowed traffic to a trickle on a bridge connecting Boston to Cambridge, and 
  5 : people in the group were seen holding signs that read, "Let Gaza Live," before unfurling a banner across the roadway that read, "Jews say: Ceasefire now."
  6 : The night before, a violent protest of pro-Palestinian supporters erupted outside the Democratic National Committee headquarters in Washington, D.C.,
  7 : with demonstrators growing violent as they called for an immediate cease-fire in the ongoing Israel-Hamas war.
  8 : The FDA said it is still working with Dollar Tree to get the recalled products off of shelves in several states.
  9 : "This product should not be available for sale and consumers should not purchase or consume this product," the agency said.
 10 : Parents should dispose of the pouches by emptying the contents into the trash and discarding
 11 : A New York City Jewish bakery was vandalized on Friday afternoon, after someone spray-painted "Free Gaza" on the window, before smashing a window at a nearby bank.
 12 : The graffiti on the front window of Breads Bakery near Sixth Avenue and 49th Street appeared in bright-orange lettering.
 13 : Additional photos show a man sweeping up broken glass in front of the Simon & Schuster building, where another window, this time 
 14 : belonging to the First Republic Bank, appeared to have been smashed.The protest slowed traffic to a trickle on a bridge connecting Boston to Cambridge, and 
 15 : people in the group were seen holding signs that read, "Let Gaza Live," before unfurling a banner across the roadway that read, "Jews say: Ceasefire now."
 16 : The night before, a violent protest of pro-Palestinian supporters erupted outside the Democratic National Committee headquarters in Washington, D.C.,
 17 : with demonstrators growing violent as they called for an immediate cease-fire in the ongoing Israel-Hamas war.
 18 : The FDA said it is still working with Dollar Tree to get the recalled products off of shelves in several states.
 19 : "This product should not be available for sale and consumers should not purchase or consume this product," the agency said.
 20 : Parents should dispose of the pouches by emptying the contents into the trash and discarding
